fix: README grammer/wording (#10667)
aws-amplify/amplify-js: README.md

  + }
  ```

> - `Analytics.record` no longer supports passing a string only inputs. For example:

Reviewer: This still reads a bit weird for me. Maybe removing inputs here?

> - `Analytics.record` no longer supports passing a string only inputs. For example:

Reviewer 2: Should be `input` I think (or remove the "a")?

> - `Analytics.record` no longer supports passing a string only inputs. For example:

Reviewer 3: Suggest we just be concise
```suggestion
- `Analytics.record` no longer accepts string as input. For example:
```

  ```diff
  - Analytics.record('my example event');

>   + Analytics.record( { name: 'my example event' });

Reviewer 3: Super nit while we're at it to raise the bar..
```suggestion
  + Analytics.record({ name: 'my example event' });
```

  ```

- The `JS` export has been removed from `@aws-amplify/core` in favor the exporting the functions it contained.

> - Any calls to `Amplify.Auth`, `Amplify.Cache`, and `Amplify.ServiceWorker` are no longer supported, instead your code should use the named exports. For example:

Reviewer 3: Grammar nit:
```suggestion
- Any calls to `Amplify.Auth`, `Amplify.Cache`, and `Amplify.ServiceWorker` are no longer supported. Instead , your code should use the named exports. For example:
```

> - Any calls to `Amplify.Auth`, `Amplify.Cache`, and `Amplify.ServiceWorker` are no longer supported. Instead , your code should use the named exports. For example:

Reviewer 3: Remove extra space
```suggestion
- Any calls to `Amplify.Auth`, `Amplify.Cache`, and `Amplify.ServiceWorker` are no longer supported. Instead, your code should use the named exports. For example:
```

Author: Well garbage. I scrolled past this and hit submit before seeing it :-/  Guess I get to pad my commit stats a little bit more... https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js/pull/10670

> - Any calls to `Amplify.Auth`, `Amplify.Cache`, and `Amplify.ServiceWorker` are no longer supported. Instead , your code should use the named exports. For example:

Reviewer 2: Nit: Extra space before comma `Instead ,`

Reviewer 3: Oops
